Remove improper uses of var (#19360)
mdn/content: files/en-us/games/techniques/3d_on_the_web/building_up_a_basic_demo_with_playcanvas/editor/index.md

```js
pc.script.create('boxAnimation', function (app) {

>   // Creates a new BoxAnimation instance
>   function BoxAnimation(entity) {
>     this.entity = entity;
>   };
> 
>   BoxAnimation.prototype = {
>     // Called once after all resources are loaded and before the first update
>     initialize() {
>     },
> 
>     // Called every frame, dt is time in seconds since last update
>     update(dt) {
>     }
>   };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Creates a new BoxAnimation class
  class BoxAnimation {
    constructor(entity) {
      this.entity = entity;
    }
    
    // Called once after all resources are loaded and before the first update
    initialize() {
    }

    // Called every frame, dt is time in seconds since last update
    update(dt) {
    }
  }
```
